Think of all the business cards out there, exchanging hands in serendipitous encounters,
 potential-client meetings and large industry conferences. All of the best business cards serve a purpose:
 They provide information about you and your work, and they hopefully encourage the receiver to follow up with you in some way.
 And as part of your identity, a great business card reflects your personality.

logo

A logo is one of the most important aspects of any business, and most designers have spent a fair share of time creating effective, cool logo designs for clients. 
HOW Logo Design Competition & Awards began in 2008 and quickly erupted as a prestigious contest that recognizes great logo design.


Broucher
The brochure is one of the best ways to present your company. There are tri-fold brochures used to advertise a new product or service that your company offers, or there are bi-fold folders that are used to present your company projects outside or inside it. 
There are different brochure types, and every type has a different way to be designed. The criterion adopted to design a bi-fold brochure to present your company projects for internal use would be different from the one for external use


flyer
Flyers are the pieces of editorial design most widely used for advertising purposes. They have no folds but can be single or double sided.

There are innumerable sizes, but mostly they are the divisions of standard sizes used in every country, ie, LTR or A4, and their further divisions and rotations. They are used almost everywhere and anytime usually to promote medium-, and low-value products and services or for temporary promotion events, since flyers have a short-period useful life.

Printing costs are the lowest due to small and standard sizes of sheets. They can be easily printed digitally, even at home. Many flyers do not justify printing in full color, so they generally use fewer inks in order to lower costs.


trifold design
Flyers are the pieces of editorial design most widely used for advertising purposes. They have no folds but can be single or double sided.

There are innumerable sizes, but mostly they are the divisions of standard sizes used in every country, ie, LTR or A4, and their further divisions and rotations. They are used almost everywhere and anytime usually to promote medium-, and low-value products and services or for temporary promotion events, since flyers have a short-period useful life.

Printing costs are the lowest due to small and standard sizes of sheets. They can be easily printed digitally, even at home. Many flyers do not justify printing in full color, so they generally use fewer inks in order to lower costs.



Website




reffrence
http://www.howdesign.com/design-competitions/inhouse-design-awards/
http://www.brochuredesignteam.com

